when I was six year old I received my
gift my first-grade teacher had this
brilliant idea she wanted us to
experience receiving gifts but also
learning the virtue of complementing
each other so she had all of us come to
the front of the classroom and she
bought all of his gifts and stacked them
in the corner and she said why don't we
just stand here and compliment each
other if you hear your name called go
and pick up your gifts and sit down what
a wonderful idea right what could go
wrong well there were 40 of us to start
with and every time when I hear
someone's name called I would give out
the hardiest cheer and then there were
20 people left and ten people left and
five left and three left that was one of
them and the compliment stopped well at
that moment I was crying and the teacher
was freaking out and she was like hey
would anyone see anything nice about
these people no one okay why don't you
go get your gift and sit down so behaved
next year someone might say something
nice about you
well as I'm describing this to you you
probably know I remember this really
well but I don't know who felt worse
that day was that me or the teacher she
must realize that she turned a
team-building event into a public roast
for three six-year-olds and without a
humor you know when you see people get
roasted on TV it was funny there was
nothing funny about that day so that
that was one version of me and I would
die to avoid being in that situation
again to get rejected in public again
that's one version that fast forward
eight years um Bill Gates came to my
hometown Beijing China to speak and I
saw his message I love I thought you'd
help with that guy I thought wow I know
what I want to do now that night I wrote
a letter to my family telling them by
age 25 I would be the biggest company in
the world and that company will buy
Microsoft I totally embrace this idea of
conquering the world domination right
and I didn't know I didn't make this up
I did write that letter and hear this um
no but you don't have to read this
through and this is also bad handwriting
but I did highlight some key words um
you get the idea
so that was another version of me wanted
to conquer the world
well then two years later I was
presented with the opportunity to come
to the United States I jumped on it and
because that was where Bill Gates lived
right I thought that was the start of my
entrepreneur journey then fast forward
another 14 years I was 30 nope I didn't
build that company I didn't even start I
was actually a marketing manager for a
fortune 500 company and I fell I was
stuck
I was stagnant why is that where's that
14 year old who load that letter it's
not because he didn't try it's because
every time I want had a new idea every
time I want to try something new even at
work I wanted to make a proposal I
wanted to speak up in front of people in
a group I felt there was this constant
battle between the 14 year old and a six
year old one wanted to conquer the world
make a difference
another was afraid of rejection and
every time that six year old one and
this fear even persisted after I started
my own company I mean I started my own
company what was 30 if you want to be
Bill Gates he got start sooner or later
right when I was a entrepreneur I was
presented with the investment
opportunity and then I was turned down
and that rejection hurt me it hurt me so
bad that I wanted to quit right there
but then I thought hey would Bill Gates
quit after a simple investment rejection
with any successful entrepreneur quit
like that no way and this is where he
clicked for me okay I can build a better
company I can build a better team or
better product but one thing for sure I
could be a better leader I could be a
better person I cannot let that
six-year-old keep dictating my life
anymore
I have to put him back to his place so
this is where I went online look for
help
Google was my friend I searched how do I
overcome the fear of rejection
akima was a bunch of psychology articles
about where the fear and pain are coming
from and then I came up with bunch of
Rara inspirational article is about
don't take it personally just overcome
it who doesn't know that
but why was I still so scared then I
found this website by luck is called
rejection therapy calm rejection therapy
was this game invented by this Canadian
entrepreneur his name is Jason Connelly
and it's basically idea is for 30 days
you go out and look for rejection and
everyday get rejected at something and
by the end you desensitize yourself from
the pain and I love that idea I I said
you know what I'm gonna do this and I'll
film myself getting rejected hundred
days and I came up with my own rejection
ideas and I'll make a video blog out of
it
and so here's what I did this is what
the blog looked like on day one for $100
from $400 from stranger so this is where
I went to where I was working I came
downstairs I saw this big guy sitting
behind a desk you know he looked like a
security guard so I just approached him
and I was going I was just walking and
that was the longest walk in my life I
just hair the back of my neck standing
up I was sweating the my heart was
pounding and I got there and said hey
sir can I borrow $100 from you and he
looked up he's like no why
and I just said I said no I'm sorry then
I turn around there just ran I felt so
embarrassed but because I filmed myself
so that night I was watching myself
getting rejected and just saw how scared
I was
I look like this kid in sixth sense I
saw dead people
but then I saw this guy he you know he
he wasn't that menacing he was trouble
of above guy you know and that and he
even asked me why
in fact he invited me to explain myself
I could have said many things I could
have explained I couldn't negotiated I
didn't do any of that
all I did was run I felt wow this is
like a microcosm of my life every time I
feel the slightest rejection I was just
running as fast as I could and you know
what the next day no matter what happens
I'm not gonna run
I'll stay engaged day to request a
burger refill is where I finished I went
to a burger joint a finished lunch and I
went to the cashier and said I can't get
a burger Phil he was so confused so like
what's a burglary fail
I said well just like a drink review but
was the burger and he said sorry we
don't do a burger refill man so this is
a word rejection happened I could have
run but I stayed I said well I love your
burger love your your joint and a few
guys doober career field I would love
you guys more and he said well okay I'll
tell my manager about it but maybe we'll
do it but sorry we can't do this today
then I left
and by the way I don't think the upper
dumb burger refill I think they are
still there um but the life-and-death
feeling I was feeling the first time was
no longer there just because I stay
engaged because I didn't run I said wow
great I'm already learning things great
and then day three getting Olympic
doughnuts um this is where my life was
turned upside down I went to a Krispy
Kreme donut shop in mainly in the
southeastern part of the United States
I'm sure they have some here too and I
went in I said can you make me donuts
that look like Olympic symbols
basically you interlink five doughnuts
together I mean there's no way they
could say yes right the doughnut maker
took me so seriously
so she put out paper start jotting down
the colors and rings it's like how could
he make this and then 15 minutes later
she came up with a box that looks like
all the big rings and I was so touched
and I I just couldn't believe it
and that video got over 5 million views
on YouTube the world couldn't believe
that either and you know because of that
I was on in newspapers and talk shows
and everything and I became famous a lot
of people started writing emails to me
and saying what you're what you're doing
is awesome but you know Fame and
notoriety did not do anything to me what
I really want to do is learn and to
change myself so I turned the rest of my
100 days rejection
into this playground into this research
project I wanted to learn what see what
I can learn and then I learned a lot of
things I discovered so many secrets for
example I found if I just don't run if I
got rejected
I could actually turn knowing to yes and
the magic word is why so one day I went
to a stranger's hell that is flowering
my hand and I said knock on door I said
hey can I plant this flower in your
backyard and and he said no but before
he could leave I said a canal candle why
and he said well I have this dog him
that would dig up anything I put in the
backyard I don't waste your flower if I
don't do this go cross street and talk
to Connie she loves flowers so that's
what I did I went across and knock on
Connie's door and she was so happy to
see me and then half an hour later
there's this flowering Connie's backer
I'm sure it looks better now
but had it had that left after the
initial rejection I would have thought
well it's because the guy didn't trust
me is because I was crazy because I need
dress-up or I didn't look good it was
none of those it was because what I
offered did not fit what he wanted and
he trusted me enough to offer me a
referral using sales term I converted a
referral then one day I also learned
that I can actually see certain things
and maximize my chance to get a yes so
for example I one day I went to a
Starbucks and asked the manager hey can
I be a Starbucks greeter it's like
what's a Starbucks greeter
I said do you know those Walmart
greeters you know this that's people who
say hi to you before you walk in the
store and make sure you don't steal
stuff basically and I want to give the
warmer experience to Starbucks customers
um well I'm not sure that's a good thing
actually I'm actually a pretty sure it's
a bad thing um and he was like oh oh
yeah this is how you looked his name is
Erica he's like I'm not sure this how he
he was hearing me not sure then ask him
is that weird
he's like yeah that's really weird man
but as soon as he said that his whole
demeanor change it's as if he's putting
all the doubt on the floor and he said
yeah you can do this and just don't get
too weird so so for the next hour I was
the Starbucks greeter I said hi for
every customer that walked in and give
him how do the cheers uh by the way I
don't know what your career trajectory
is don't be a grater yes it was really
boring um but then I found I could do
this because I mentioned is that weird I
mentioned a doubt that he was having and
because I mentioned is that weird that
means I wasn't weird that means I was
actually thinking just like him seeing
this as the weird thing and again again
I learned that if I mention some doubt
people might have before I ask the
question people are getting their trust
people will more likely to say yes to me
and then I learned I could fulfill my
life dream like asking you know I came
from a four generations of teachers and
my grandma has always told me hey Johnny
can do anything you want but you'd be
great if you become a teacher
but I want to be entrepreneurs so I
didn't but it has always been my dream
to actually teach something so I said
what if I just ask and teach a college
class so I live in Austin at the time so
I went to University of Texas in Austin
knock on professor's doors and so it
kind of teach your class um I didn't get
anywhere the first tuck a couple times
but because I didn't run I kept doing it
and on the third try the professor was
very impressed it's like no one has done
this before
and I came in prepared with the
powerpoints and and my lesson is that
well I can use this well when you come
back in two months I'll fit you in my
curriculum and two months later I was
teaching a class this is me you probably
can see this is bad picture um you know
sometimes you get rejected by lighting
you know but well when I finished
teaching that class I walk out a-crying
because I thought I could just fulfill
my life dream just by simply asking I
thought I used to think I have to
accomplish all these things have to be a
great entrepreneur or or learner get a
PhD to teach but no I just asked and as
could teach and in that picture of which
you can see I coded
Martin Luther King jr. why because in my
research I found the people who really
change the world who change the way we
live and with the way we think are the
people who were met with the initial and
often violent rejections people like
Martin Luther King jr. like Muhammad
Gandhi Nelson Mandela or even Jesus
Christ these people did not let
rejection define them they let their
only reaction after rejection define
themselves and they embrace rejection
and we don't have to be those people to
learn about rejection and in my case
rejection was my curse was my boogeyman
it has bothered me my whole life because
I was running away from it
then I started embracing that I turned
that into the biggest gift in my life I
started I started teaching people how to
return rejections into opportunities
I use my blog I used my talk I used the
book I just published and the I was even
even using technology to help people
overcome their fear rejection
when you get rejected in life when you
are making facing the next obstacle or
next failure consider the possibilities
don't run if you just embrace them they
might become your gift as well thank you